I have to admit I do not like roundups I
just don't think they're a great content
format but they're still popular some
people like them and I read this one
today and thought actually was kind of
good uh there were some really solid
contributions from the folks in here not
every one of them uh I'm going to focus
on but a few of them are very
fascinating to me so okay jonno talks
about focusing on fundamentals and AR
know focuses on on ux this one this is
the start of a trend that I saw
throughout this piece of the 22 people
in here I believe h a dozen 12 of them
all said variations on on the same thing
which Ryan from Razer fish uh notes here
so 2025 will be the year when we finally
start treating SEO like full funnel
marketing okay interesting we're going
to move Beyond clicks we're going to
move Beyond traffic we're going to start
thinking about uh the top of the funnel
which involves brand and searches that
might not lead to traffic and
Impressions across other people's
content and this continues this
continues with Miriam who talks about
diversifying your community figuring out
where they are spending time and then
being present in those places in order
to influence them and it continues again
uh down here with John shahada talking
about building authority through
alternative traffic sources and finding
other opportunities not for traffic
necessarily but for building brand
impressions I think that is really
important uh more Q&A content from Kevin
index licensing I'm not sure about okay
but building relationships in other
well- ranking sites in relevant industry
so Glenn alsop who I followed for years
and I think the world of very very smart
guy and he talks about doing exactly the
kind of things Amanda and I have been
talking about for the last couple of
years with zero click marketing and
being present in the places your
audience pays attention right going to
Reddit going to YouTube going to uh
other brands and other Publications that
reach your audience and being present in
those places uh and this this sits with
with well with uh Morty's comms focused
advice uh it fits with knowing I love
this I mean you and I are sympatico here
know who your customers are create
resonant messages deliver value in the
places that they pay attention heck yeah
and you can you can find a bunch more of
these in here my sense is the industry
is all going in One Direction digital
marketing as a whole whether we're
talking about SEO or content marketing
or paid and social media marketing it is
all going in the same direction and that
is find the places that your customers
and potential customers are already
paying attention and be present in those
places even if it's not something that's
going to send you traffic that's what I
think is coming in 2025 finally